# What's next? #
### 12/07/2019 ###
many thoughs fly into my mind about what should i next and how, my knowledge in javascript grows more and more as my hunger for them does

It's been a while since i decided to make a big change in my life and i actually put some work into it

Was it easy? 
Not in the begining, it seems like as soon as you start to progress with your projects you get more creative with excuses

What's going on now?
today i finish the first part of a very cool project which i came up with i didn't see a thing about it anywhere

Now what?
i'm looking foward new projects that challenge me to learn more so i stop walking little steps and start running into my adventure

### 13/07/2019 ###
Today i had my first peek into actual dinamic content, they way to make automatic content, content that updates automatically as soon as someone request it and it may change depending on who and when it is require

how did it went?
i'm still absorbing this and i won't be able to properly say i know how to do it till i implement it on my projects

the first question it's, how am i gonna do that?
well actually there is a very simple answer, i got an idea i wanna generate a dinamic list that changes as soon as the user puts some info into the array, i only saw how to with content that was already there but i don't think it changes that much maybe just on how they interact

## 14/07/2019 ##
today i worked really hard i must say, i worked with dinamic content generated by the user in my projected, the poke projected, i keep telling myself "i'm not going to do some kind of silly victory pose if this works" and then 2 seconds later after i test and see the succesfull result, there i am making a silly victory pose lol

how did it went?
it went really well, at first i struggle generating the html that would held my dinamic content as it was suppose to bring an image an some text but it only bring the image, after fixing the html i manage to bring both images and text with no problem all that is left is for me to learn how to make it go away or refresh

do i know how to do it? not yet, do i have an idea? a minor one, is it a good idea? hell no! but you know what? i get to have fun while doing so i feel closer to my goal

## 14/07/2019 ##
funny story, as i was working on the javscript file today i forgot that in order to work with an external api once the app is deployed i need to work on the cross origin for my app to work, i forgot to do that and i'm not sure how to do it just yet, so after a succesfull deploy of the web site with a fail app i went back to the code and seem that i delete something by mistake so my idea was, let me just go to my previous commit where everything is awesome! yeah....

What Happened?
well i was in a detached head of the commit and i forgot to see and keep working and ended up saving all the progress in there, yeah i know there is a way to move that commit but... i just remember that, in any case i had to add some of the changes i did to the master branch manually

Did i learn something?
yeah... the implementation of a hotfix branch is key for me to not loose my mind and keep workin, on a side note i learn how to remove the implemented html from javascript with more javascript! my app is starting to take shape

## 15/07/2019 ##
i'm writing the 15/07/2019 log on the day after, 16/07, due to a internet problem from yesterday that basically leave me with no internet till 12:35 from today 16, lucky me i manage to work on my projects before this happened

What did i do?
i working on a replacement for the sweet alert library i was using on my app, creating my own modal which will make everything sweet alert was doing AND more as i'm planning on replacing the propmt i'm using to catch the user request , this part should be easy the, ironically, hard part is the visual part i wish to add, right now the modal remain with some static elements but son enough it will be completely independant of these

## 16/07/2019 ##
so.... the part i said was easy? yeah i don't wanna talk about that, let's just say i have a new respect on how prompt works, as i'm stil working on this new subject i learn that storing multiples answer in a single array to replace what's gonna be shown is a very comfortable practice, unlike what it looks like

what did i do?
not the propmt that what.... i keep making progress into a more dinamic app by aming to make a completely dinamic modal which will be basically empty, except for a button, till you hit a button i also learn you can work with multiple background, i've been thinking about storing all the string i have for javascript to build into a big array but i don't think is a good idea, at least not inside an array

## 17/07/2019 ##
Today i'm making this early, i usually write my progress at the end of the day before i go to sleep but today is different, i'm planning on going to sleep early as i'm currently sick and i need to take care of myself and my brilliant ideas, i believe is the first time i say that with no irony nor any sarcasm.... at least not too much

am i feeling ok?
not quite, beyond my sickness i'm worried about my laptop, it's not on it's best shape and i have no currency, money, tradeble chickens, or any kind of money i can use to buy a new one all i got is a goal of having a very good job that allows me to buy one some day

was there any progress today?
uhm.... yeah i made the error message of the modal completely dinamic, there is something else i wanna to implement still but idk how to do it just yet, give me some time and i did learn that you cannot get a dinamic id from an element but then again i'm still learning, idk how to explain this but i recently feel like a whole new world just open it's gates for me...

## 18/07/2019 ##

today i started to see dinamic forms which is interesting and changes the way i'm looking at how to keep building my app, it seems easier in a way, yeah i'm trying to avoid creating the popmt i know BUT i also need to practice this sort of things so....

today was short....
yeah i got unexpected company so i need to finish early today but i have no excuse for tomorrow

i'm feeling better by tthe wway!

## 20/07/2019 ##

today i start working with a new idea, instead of summoning a propmt into my app to take the users' input, work with an actual input printed in my html in order to well firstly try something new, working with a form in javascript, and making my app visual part on the website better by being able to work with an element i can customize.... NO i'm not avoiding the propmt!

how did that go?
terrible i know squat about making form from jsvascript, i barely manage to get the input data in a const at the end of the day AND i can't help to feel fucking amazing for it! it was challenging it was new and at the end i manage to get my object in answer to my input and even tho i don't have this new branch incorporated and working on the master branch is exciting to try something new, i don't understand this new methods YET, but i will soon, give me an actual day to sit, read and practice i still need to improve some minor and some other major things, but my future projects will be gratefull i took my time learning

P.S Future me, if you are reading this and you are being an ass, remember that people is just scared of being judge they are scared of being nice to people and people not being nice to them, give them time

## everybody wants to be famous but no body wants to de the work ##
